The power behind it is infinite
I don't know if I can resist this illusion
My senior brother made it clear that he wanted to harm you.
Why are you suffering?
Don't worry fairy
I'm sure I can't
You don't know the power of this illusion
If you are hurt
Or crazy me
What's your trouble?
Fairy, are you worried about me?
Strange to never see me
How could you not help but care about him?
I didn't know
It turns out that junior sister also likes such a little white face
Sister is so anxious
So I have a crush on him
Hahaha like him
A loser who can't even pass the trial
How can I see it?
I am the most beautiful woman in the fairy world
Are you still a kid?
Yes of course
if
Below is the illusion of the sure breaker
Don't worry, two fairies.
Everyone saw it
He insisted on going
It's not that our Tianyuanmen forced them
If you die, you can't rely on our clan
Can this person do it?
How can there be no movement?
Let me tell you, the fairy root is locked
I can't get into the illusion
Can't even get into the illusion
Don't worry about it.
Ouch, look, look
The bead glowed.
How come?
Nothing happened just now